I will talk about the dissolution.
The dissolution of the current state council is when the opposition parties are in conflict with the government.
When the government is defeated, the government is defeated in the parliament,
and when the people, that is, the voters, are accused,
the majority of voters are convinced that they agree with them.
In English, the word dissolution is used to refer to dissolution,
or to use the word, to say, to fight in the court of law, but to lose.
But they are not wrong.
When they die, they are accused by the people, that is, the dissolution of the current state council.
In our country, the dissolution of the current state council is not yet in conflict with the government and the opposition parties.
They are not discussing any issues.
They have suddenly disbanded.
This is the same illegal thing as the current state council running into the court without an incident.
At the same time, it is a miscalculation.
If it is a court, it is possible to leave the various things outside the court,
but in this case, the voters, that is, the people, will not do so.
Since there was already work to disband, they had to vote, whether they liked it or not.
But there is no problem, so whether it is okay to raise the military, or to vote,
ordinary people should not know.
If they disband without any problems, the people will vote on which one they like.
There is no standard for voting, so they vote on the one they are asked to vote,
or on the one they are not allowed to vote.
The election officials in our country say that they are in disarray, but it is not necessarily the fault of the election officials.
The government and the government also do the wrong actions to disband the parliament by not giving the right to the trial,
so the election officials can do the wrong actions.
The reason is not only for the election officials, but also for the government and the government.
If they disband without any problems and do not want to vote,
what should the election officials do? This is the current problem.